AdherenceSense
	Decentralized Incentive, Verification and Exchange Platform
	
	AdherenceSense is building a decentralized, blockchain-based, microverse platform and multi-tenant gateway.  The intent of this creation is to provide a liquid and uniform method of exchange for particular segments of interest.  The utilization of blockchain will provide contractual transparency between all involved parties as well as a methodology for storing transactional data that will be available to all transport/support entities for verification, tracking reporting, and other utility as shall be determined by particular areas of interest or creation contracts.  Transport and support entities shall fill the role of transaction validators which will ensure that the behavior of all parties remains bound to the various obligations, including protecting area of interest segments, enforcing in-chain transactional contracts, and protecting against external manipulation.  AdherenceSense differentiates itself by utilizing blockchain technology to server as a bridge between a digital currency and physical interactions in the real-world.
	The Issue:
		While global currencies operate as a medium of exchange, their utility in smaller, segmented areas of interest become less than optimal.  Countries attempt to resolve this issue by creating their own currencies.  Other types of entities, whether service-oriented, product-oriented, locality-oriented, or other, try to resolve this issue by crafting a type of ‘micro-currency’ or incentives program set against an accepted means of exchange.  While a country can count on specific locality defining a portion of how their currency is exchanged, and can gain benefits of this semi-closed system, other types of entities struggle to maximize gains and leverage the benefits of a semi-closed and segmented area of interest.  
		There are functional limitations to various entities working together to address common areas of concerns.  The various areas that they operate in are largely determined by their market context or overall goals.  Often, the synergies that could be obtained by relating non-similar entities’ efforts with each other are lost due to disparate concerns, competitive outlooks, and a penchant for pursuing goals heuristically.
	
	The Solution:
		AdherenceSense proposes the following:  a porous but localized means of exchange by which all parties are guaranteed reciprocity in efforts related to pursuing goals within similar segments of concern.  AdherenceSense proposes the introduction of a means of quantifying efforts by utilizing blockchain technology as a basis for credit of effort, validation and/or collection of data, and guaranteed redeemability within the localized system.   Each of these roles in the microverse can be characterized as particular ‘actors’ and so named.  
For simplicity’s sake, we can call the particular roles Sponsors, Validators, Redeemers, and Participants.  Each role could be represented by one or more entities.  Those entities would have to adhere to particular peer-approved operating areas for each role they assumed.
The role of Sponsor would represent the genesis of an effort and would introduce smart contracts that would include a system of rules for credit (for particular entities) based on validation of effort by the secondary role, the Validator.  Sponsors could represent individual or group entity efforts on a particular segment of interest.  Rules for collecting effort supplied by the Sponsor would include contractual stipulations that could only be filled by a peer-approved Validator.
The role of Validator would represent a node (or functional contract of effort) within the system.  Validators would supply required data on efforts taken against a Sponsor’s smart contract of expected effort and associated credit earned.  Upon the completion of a contract of effort, the Validator would authorize the credit from the Sponsor to the Participant (or Participants) by sharing the collected data on the functional unit of work and executing its own contractual terms with the Sponsor (if any) for its own level of effort and/or participation in the system.
The role of Redeemer would be constituted of in-network (and, eventually, out-of-network) entities that would provide awards for Participants for either achieving specifically credit-denominated goals or for returning said credit back into the microverse for further circulation.  The Redeemer would be incentivized to participate in the closed network via one or more smart contracts and/or the real-world visibility of participation in the segment of effort.
The role of Participant would be compromised of any party or parties with whom a Sponsor is willing to offer credit incentives for defined and verified units of effort.   



