Token Information:

Supply:  88,000,000
Reserved (Founders):  5,000,000 (1 million per) (5.6%)
Reserved (Inital Seeders):  8,200,000 (10.7%)
Available: 74,800,000
Cap:  5,292 ETH (1ETH=$944.81 USD, $5 Million)
Crowd-sale (white-list-only): Apr 4, 2018
Non-sold tokens to be relisted at a later date with varying rate metrics for early adopters

Velocity:  Velocity will be generated by software use (crediting Validators and Redeemers for unit of effort [utility]), as well as by a redemption schema set up by both Sponsors and Redeemers.  Sponsors will be able to use real-world incentives to recapture and redistribute portions of their tokens.  Redeemers will be able to compete in this same marketplace by offering incentives for coin redemption.  Utility credit helps in creating a consensus network and ongoing motivation for all participants.  Redemption pieces offer an evolving valuation based by pressure from varying redemption scenarios.

Burn:  In this scenario, there isn't a concept of 'burn', except by peer consensus to add more tokens into the pool.  Burn is accomplished by tying recirculation into the sponsor/redeemer scenario.  This becomes a self-perpetuating activity where the current pool of incentives and touch-points becomes a determining factor in the valuation of a particular token (along with its utility and public trading pressures).

Protocol & Staking:  
  Tokens will be used for various types of work, including network access, redemption scenarios, contract fulfillment, data validation, data mining, and other such resources provided by the distributed network.  The Token type is an ERC-20 Token.  Tokens must be 'Staked' for certain types of infrastructure usage.  Tokens will be able to be used for units of work exceeding daily work allotments based on current stake.
  Possible Infrastructure Usage for Staking:  Variable number of smart contract creations, "Lottery" participation for network participation,  Data sweeps for analyis, Marketing efforts, etc.
  Staking schemse are not set in stone and will vary initially, until a strong market is established.  Staking WILL NOT be mandatory for all participants. 

